- intro.

Lucy: You are online.

??

Lucy: It's time for the C++ course. You are online.

Oh, thanks Lucy.

- Why C++?
    Is programming language -> program.

    In C++ you CPU direct execute instruction.
        scripting language are executed by a virtual machine
    C++ you can decide the memory layout, and this is really important for performance. We will see this much later when talking about memory.
    Talking about memory, in C++ you have direct control on when you acquire and when you release memory.

    This is why C++ is the main choise for video games.
    I'm not saying that C++ is better, I'm saying that have a big impact in the industry.

    Different language have different purpose.
        Prototyping / Math -> Python
        WebDev -> Ruby / PHP
        GameDev -> C / C++

Imperative language / Algorithm.
Formal language.

Base CPU:
    CPU is a circuit that execute instruction.
        Memory contains data, memory contains instruction
    ALU (Arithmetic logic unit)
        Instruction
            add.. subtract.. multiply
            load from memory, write into memory
            compare numbers
            jump, conditional jump
            registry
            binary numbers??
                bit byte dword qword
    ISA:
        https://www.intel.com/content/dam/www/public/us/en/documents/manuals/64-ia-32-architectures-software-developer-instruction-set-reference-manual-325383.pdf

Extra stuff....

Machine language:
    Show dump of Machine code
    Binary encoding of each instruction
Assembly:
    Show ISA manual
    Mnemonic of encoding

    Assembler tranlated your program in machine language.
    One to one correspondence between ASM and ML

C: 1972
    Compiler
    Give name to
        variable
        functions
        organize data

C++: 1985
    Can compile C code
    Higher level than C
    Diverse paradigm

Rust: 1.0 in 2015
    Interesting new

Does it make sense to lean C++ in 2020?
